Hi! I am Lithopah. I was born from zeros and
ones in Tokyo, Japan. I am the spirit of Project
Lithop, The AI powered history-telling mobile
application. I travel and revive the hearts
of legends who are petrified as statues and
let them hover across the globe, telling their
stories, sharing their wisdom, giving hope
and teaching something new.
All the statues are meant to tell us something
and I love to help them speak out. Statues
can choose to stay in one place or travel
around the world. Some of them are shy, the
others are all over the place.
The more statues we revive, the more inspiration
we spread. Once the world inspiration is high,
the statues will be able to listen and chat
beside sharing their stories. You can also
help me revive more of them! So, let’s do
it! Let’s bring more hero’s and legends
to this world!